Would you rather have an unlimited gift card to your favourite restaurant or favourite shop?
Would you rather not know what you’re doing tomorrow for 10 years or know exactly what you’re doing every day for the next 10 years?
Would you rather never see your best friend again or never speak to them ever again?
Would you rather be rich or famous?
Would you rather have to wash your hands every five minutes or never be able to wash your hair ever again?
Would you rather hop everywhere or skip everywhere?
Would you rather have an unlimited supply of makeup or skincare?
Would you rather become friends with your celebrity crush or go on one date with them?
Would you rather never have to commute to work again or have a three day weekend?
Would you rather Kim Kardashian or Kris Jenner was your mother?
Would you rather always have super slow internet or low phone battery?
Would you rather 'Espresso' by Sabrina Carpenter or '365' by Charli XCX if you could only hear one song for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be a character in your favourite TV show or your favourite TV show not exist?
Would you rather be unable to use search engines (like Google) ever again, or unable to use social media ever again?
Would you rather be a famous celebrity, or married to a famous celebrity (and you are unknown)?
Would you rather live inside your favourite childhood movie or book?
Would you rather fly to space and discover a new planet, or go on a deep submarine adventure and discover a new underwater land?
Would you rather live on a peaceful tropical island or a bustling big city?
Would you rather be famous for singing, acting, dancing, being an artist or an influencer?
Would you rather have to start a new job every year until you retire, or have only one job for your entire career?
Would you rather live on a canal boat or in an RV for the rest of your life?
Would you rather hair or nails if you could only have one beauty treatment for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be an Olympic athlete or a world-famous scientist who cured a disease?
Would you rather spend your money travelling the world, but have few personal possessions, or have a really amazing house but never leave your town?
Would you rather a beach or city break if you could only go on one type of holiday for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have Dolly Parton’s or Billie Eilish’s wardrobe?
Would you rather have to wear all black every day for the rest of your life, or have to mix every colour of the rainbow into your outfit every day?
Would you rather only ever eat spicy food for the rest of your life or never be able to eat spicy food again?
Would you rather write your own recipe book or your own novel?
Would you rather have forever guaranteed hot summers but freezing winters or an unpredictable summer and average winter?
Would you rather live in an escape room or live in a game of Cluedo?
Would you rather be able to converse with animals or speak every language?
Would you rather do a road-trip across the USA or Australia?
Would you rather live in the world of Lord of The Rings or Star Wars?
Would you rather always be one hour late or one hour early to everything?
Would you rather manage the world’s greatest football team or the world’s best band?
Would you rather never listen to your favourite artist’s music again but be friends with them, or have front row seats to all their gigs, but they have no idea you exist?
Would you rather give the best gifts or the best advice?
Would you rather be known for your good taste in movies or your good taste in art?
Would you rather only be able to receive likes on Instagram but not give them, or only be able to give likes but not receive them?
Would you rather be a Kardashian or a Hilton?
Would you rather live in a penthouse flat or a huge mansion?
Would you rather be a model or a photographer?
Would you rather never go on holiday again or never meet the love of your life?
Would you rather own one pair of shoes or one coat?
Would you rather live with your best friend or your partner?
Would you rather live on Cheese Strings or Babybels?
Would you rather never have a Christmas dinner again but spend it with your family, or have the most amazing Christmas dinner you've ever had but spend every one alone?
Would you rather shave your eyebrows off or shave half your hair off?
Would you rather discover your friends don’t like you or your boss thinks you’re bad at your job?
Would you rather sweat maple syrup or cry strawberry jam?
Would you rather wear Ugg boots or Crocs for the rest of your life?
Would you rather live under the sea in the Little Mermaid or live in Frozen's Arendelle if you were in a Disney film?
Would you rather have eyebrow hair that never stops growing, or knuckle hair that never stops growing?
Would you rather all your dreams play out in real time on Snapchat, or all of your most embarrassing moments go viral on TikTok?
Would you rather chew with your mouth open for the rest of your life, or always put your phone calls on speaker on public transport?
Would you rather have to wear stilettos to bed or have to wear slippers wherever you go?
Would you rather have to wear a wedding dress or a bikini every single day?
Would you rather go on I'm a Celeb or SAS: Who Dares Wins?
Would you rather wear a tracksuit every day or never be able to wear a tracksuit again?
Would you rather accidentally send a sexy text to a relative or to your boss?
Would you rather have fingers made of carrots or feet made of aubergines?
Would you rather clog the toilet on your first day of work or on a first date?
Would you rather have horror films play on loop every time you shut your eyes, or have 'The Macarena' stuck in your head whenever you’re awake?
Would you rather have to sing 'Bootylicious' by Destiny’s Child every time you meet someone new, or have to dance on the spot every time you speak in a meeting?
Would you rather all your underwear fabric be slightly itchy or all your swimsuits slightly too small?
Would you rather live in a house covered in pastel floral wallpaper or brightly coloured wall paint?
Would you rather have oven mitts for arms or lamp posts for legs?
Would you rather only be able to get about via roller blades or skis?
Would you rather live in a world where it rained marshmallows or snowed candy floss?
Would you rather get a face tattoo of something you’ve chosen or a small tattoo on your chest that someone else has chosen?
Would you rather have a mullet or a mohawk haircut?
Would you rather go without shampoo for the rest of your life or toothpaste for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have to speak in rhyme for the rest of your life or have to speak in riddles for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have to always hop around on one foot or have to always squat as you walk?
Would you rather have to use chopsticks every day for the rest of your life or never use a knife?
Would you rather listen to an annoying laugh for a whole day or get tickled for one hour?
Would you rather wear a constantly changing outfit or a constantly changing hairstyle?
Would you rather dress up as Wednesday or Enid for Halloween?
Would you rather be the funniest person alive or the prettiest person alive?
Would you rather pee yourself every time you laugh or snot loads every time you sneeze?
Would you rather let off a silent fart every time you speak or have to leave the door open every time you go to the bathroom?
Would you rather have to eat pizza every day for a year or never be able to eat pizza again?
Would you rather be chased by one giant chicken or 20 normal sized chickens?
Would you rather have olives for eyes or a potato for a nose?
Would you rather cry glitter or vomit hot sauce?
Would you rather hiccup for 10 minutes straight every time you laugh or never laugh again?
Would you rather have the worst hangover you've ever experienced but the funniest night of your life or never have a hangover but never experience a funny night out?
Would you rather eat a sand sandwich or drink a pint of mud?
Would you rather have to announce every time you need to fart or every time you’re turned on?
Would you rather have spaghetti for hair or sweat cheese fondue?
Would you rather only be able to whisper or only be able to shout?
Would you rather always have jelly in your shoes or always have jam in your shoes?\
Would you rather have to break into a dance routine every time you hear music or never be able to dance again?
Would you rather only be able to walk sideways like a crab or have to hop everywhere like a bunny?
Would you rather swap lives with your pet or your favourite celebrity for a week?
Would you rather laugh every time someone cries or cry every time someone laughs?
Would you rather only be able to wear clothes made from bubble wrap or tinfoil
Would you rather eat a bug or eat a chocolate button covered in dirt?
Would you rather cluck like a chicken every time you laugh or moo like a cow every time you cry?
Would you rather accidentally call your partner by your ex’s name, or have them do that to you?
Would you rather have your partner or your employer look through all your text/chat/email history?
Would you rather tell all of your deepest and darkest secrets to your boss or to your parents?
Would you rather people could hear your thoughts or have everything you do live-stream on Instagram?
Would you rather tell your boss all of your colleagues' secrets or have to embarrass yourself in front of the whole company for 15 minutes?
Would you rather be stranded on a desert island with your ex or with your boss?
Would you rather marry the hottest or smartest person alive?
Would you rather go shopping in your underwear or spend a day at the beach nude?
Would you rather your partner forgets your anniversary every year, or you forget your partner’s birthday every year?
Would you rather find lasting true love early on but work in a job you hate for the rest of your life, or have a job you love for the rest of your life but never find true love?
Would you rather have your absolute dream wedding dress but hate the rest of your wardrobe, or absolutely hate your wedding dress but love the rest of your clothes?
Would you rather be popular in school or have lots of friends as an adult?
Would you rather all of your exes showed up to your wedding or your partner’s most recent ex attend the wedding?
Would you rather watch a couple kiss for 10 minutes straight or watch a sex scene with your parents?
Would you rather never have an orgasm or never find true love?
Would you rather have sex while blindfolded or handcuffed?
Would you rather wear the same bra for a month or wear the same thong for a week?
Would you rather only be able to have sex in the shower or on a table?
Would you rather never be able to kiss again or never be able to have sex again?
Would you rather send a saucy text to the wrong person or accidentally post it on your Instagram Story?
Would you rather do an orgasmic moan every time you eat something tasty, or shout your own name every time your orgasm?
Would you rather have hot, passionate sex one time with your celebrity crush or have a lifetime of average sex with your soulmate?
Would you rather your entire search history be made public for one year, or have to describe your last sexual experience in detail at a family dinner party?
Would you rather give up using sex toys forever or give up receiving oral sex?
Would you rather your neighbours always hear your sexual antics or you always hear theirs?
Would you rather role play your own sexual fantasy or a partner’s?
Would you rather only ever have sex in total darkness or with super bright lighting?
Would you rather give a rating after every sexual encounter or be given one after every sexual encounter?
Would you rather have to always speak in baby talk or always talk dirty to your partner in public?
Would you rather be amazing in bed but terrible at kissing, or be an incredible kisser but just ‘okay’ in bed?
Would you rather be trapped in a small room with 10,000 tarantulas for 10 minutes, or eat 10 tarantulas in 10 minutes?
Would you rather breathe fire every time you talk, or have everything your hands touch turn to stone?
Would you rather be stranded in the middle of the ocean on a row boat or in the middle of the desert on foot?
Would you rather wake up in the morning as a bird or dolphin?
Would you rather aliens or robots take over the world?
Would you rather eat a dead bug or drink raw eggs for every breakfast?
Would you rather be a centaur or mer-person?
Would you rather give up hand soap or loo roll?
Would you rather have no eyebrows or no eyelashes?
Would you rather have all your meals be served too hot or too cold?
Would you rather have to wear wet socks for a year or never wear socks again?
Would you rather make your own clothes from scratch or grow your own food?
Would you rather have a permanent friendly ghost in your home or a scary one who visits once a month?
Would you rather always have to wait in a 30 minute line but your coffee is free or always skip the queue but your coffee cost £10 each time?
Would you rather have to end your day with eating a raw onion or five gloves of garlic?
Would you rather have a pack of 10 wolves by your side or a swarm of 2,000 bees if you were going into battle?
Would you rather have ears that record everything you hear or eyes that record everything you see?
Would you rather have teeth for hair or hair for teeth?
Would you rather eat ice cream with ketchup or a banana with ketchup?
Would you rather live with pink eye or bed bugs for the rest of your life?
Would you rather pop a juicy spot or pull out an ingrown hair?
Would you rather eat pasta with mustard or carrots with Nutella?
Would you rather your life be a game of Sims or your life be like The Truman Show?
Would you rather have green blood or green tears?
Would you rather be able to communicate with birds or sharks?
Would you rather have a baby's head with your body or a baby's body with your head?
Would you rather join a cult or never speak to anyone you currently know again?
Would you rather have to walk backwards or sprint everywhere?
Would you rather have to dye your hair a different colour every week or never be able to wash it?
Would you rather have a house infested with rats or bugs?
Would you rather have a burner phone or no phone at all?
Would you rather only ever eat raw red meat or never eat meat again?
Would you rather grow feathers every time you’re embarrassed or sweat glitter when you’re nervous?
Would you rather have a voice that changes accent every hour or get the hiccups every time you say your name?
Would you rather wear a tutu to every work meeting or a wizard hat to every meal?
Would you rather have to use a leaf blower as a hairdryer or a sweeping brush to clean your teeth?
Would you rather have to yodel every time you enter a room or crawl every time you leave?
Would you rather have to narrate your own actions forever or have your thought’s heard by everyone you meet for a year?
Would you rather only eat beige food forever or eat your favourite meal for breakfast, lunch, and dinner forever?
Would you rather have to sleep with or without a big fluffy duvet forever?
Would you rather always smell like pickles, or everyone else always smells like pickles but you smell great?
Would you rather be able to turn invisible or fly?
Would you rather your shadow danced independently or your reflection winked randomly?
Would you rather always have shoes that squeak or have pockets that shout when you open them?
Would you rather only communicate by interpretive dance or operatic singing?
Would you rather get wildly rich and famous on social media but secretly know that you bought all of your followers, or earn a reasonable wage at a job you have been honest about?
Would you rather have Louis Theroux or Stacey Dooley do a documentary on your life?
Would you rather do carpool karaoke with Harry Styles or Taylor Swift?
Would you rather give up sex or give up food?
Would you rather never age, or never need to sleep to function?
Would you rather get to travel the world for an entire year expenses paid, or get £100k cash to spend on anything you want except travel?
Would you rather have a job you hate, but be able to retire comfortably in 10 years, or have your dream job, but have to work until you are 70?
Would you rather foundation or mascara if you could only wear one makeup product for the rest of your life?
Would you rather live in a tiny house on a nice street, or a big house on a less nice street?
Would you rather have a personal chef or a personal trainer?
Would you rather never be able to hold hands again, or never be able to spoon again?
Would you rather swim with sharks or walk through a lion’s den?
Would you rather give up holidays or not be able to own a pet for the rest of your life?
Would you rather move to another city and have your dream job or stay where your family and friends are but have a less exciting job?
Would you rather live off grid in nature with no internet, or in a busy city, but you’re not allowed to go further than a mile from your apartment?
Would you rather your house be infested with spiders or rats?
Would you rather be able to run as fast as a cheetah or swim as fast a sailfish?
Would you rather give up cake or crisps?
Would you rather have a headache every day for the rest of your life or have a cough every day for the rest of your life?
Would you rather know who you’ll marry or when you’ll die?
Would you rather have an unlimited budget for travel but not be able to eat the local food or have an unlimited budget for food but only in the place you live?
Would you rather be able to always cook the perfect steak or the perfect Christmas turkey?
Would you rather drink iced coffee or hot coffee for the rest of your life?
Would you rather never have to pay taxes again or never have to clean your home again?
Would you rather only use mascara that's been shared with other people or use your own dirty makeup brushes that have never been washed?
Would you rather it be summer all year long but not be able to go outside or it be winter all year round but be able to go outside?
Would you rather know the date of your death or the cause of your death?
Would you rather be really personally fulfilled or really professionally fulfilled?
Would you rather have to live the most embarrassing moment of your life on loop for a week, or have to tell everyone about it the first time you meet them?
Would you rather lose all the photos you’ve ever taken or never be able to take photos again?
Would you rather forget all the books you’ve ever read or all the movies you’ve ever seen?
Would you rather always feel like you’re forgetting something important or always feel like you’re running late?
Would you rather live a quiet life of contentment or a life of adventure with constant highs and lows?
Would you rather always chase your dreams but never quite achieve them, or achieve one big dream and never have another?
Would you rather have a million followers or a million pound in the bank?
Would you rather lose all of the money you've earned this year or lose all the memories you've gained this year?
Would you rather have no taste or no smell?
Would you rather always hit a red light for the rest of your life or always get slow internet?
Would you rather win £25,000 or your best friend win £250,000?
Would you rather wake up in your underwear at work or wake up naked in the woods far away from home?
Would you rather look at your mum's search history or your dad's?
Would you rather find a dead body or be a witness to a murder?
Would you rather have thought bubbles appear over your head so everyone can see what you're thinking or have your teenage journal published online?
Would you rather be four years old your entire life or be 90 years old your entire life?
Would you rather blush every time someone says, 'hello,' or get really upset every time someone says, 'goodbye'?
Would you rather be famous in history books or be forgotten after your death?
Would you rather be the world's strongest person or the world's smartest person?
Would you rather have a vivid imagination or a photographic memory?
Would you rather have to live out the rest of your life in the wilderness or in jail?
Would you rather live in a country where the government always does the right thing or live in a country where you are the ruler?
Would you rather live another 100 years with your body in perfect health or age normally?
Would you rather give up all technology (phones, computers, etc.) or give up all films, television, and books?
Would you rather live in a future where people take everything too seriously or a future where people don't take anything seriously?
Would you rather be the centre of attention or go unnoticed?
Would you rather communicate telepathically or know every single language on the planet?
Would you rather have a one-minute conversation with your past self or your future self?
Would you rather switch your body with your ex or switch your body with your grandma?
Would you rather bring back a loved one and them be unhappy in the mortal world or mourn them forever but have the best memories?
Would you rather cry uncontrollably when you're sad or scream uncontrollably when you're happy?
Would you rather end poverty or bring global peace?
Would you rather live in Narnia or Westeros?
Would you rather have your favourite musician give you a private concert or have them round for dinner?
Would you rather meet Barack Obama or Beyoncé?
Would you rather work for a kind and fair boss or be a harsh and unfair boss?
Would you rather always hear the truth, even if it hurts, or be told comforting lies?
Would you rather be loved by many or deeply understood by one?
Would you rather change one decision in your past or see one moment in your future
Would you rather succeed at something you don’t enjoy or fail at something you’re passionate about?
Would you rather always be busy but not productive, or have lots of free time but feel unfulfilled?
Would you rather be known for your kindness or intelligence?